Confluent Cloud Integration Clean Up (#15981)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/integrations/confluent-cloud.md

    b. Click on **Overview** and select **Cluster settings**

    c. Copy the URL under **Bootstrap server**. This will be your `<confluent-broker-url>` going forward

>     d. From the _psql_ terminal, run the following command. Replace `<confluent_cloud>` with whatever you want to name your connection.  The `<source_name>` is whatever you want to name your source.  The broker URL is what you copied in step c of this subsection. The `<topic-name>` is the name of the topic you created in Step 4. The `<your-api-key>` and `<your-api-secret>` are from the _Create an API Key_ step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    d. From the `psql` terminal, run the following commands. Replace `<confluent_cloud>` with a name for your connection, and `<source_name>` with a name for your source.  The broker URL is what you copied in step c of this subsection. The `<topic-name>` is the name of the topic you created in Step 4. The `<your-api-key>` and `<your-api-secret>` are from the _Create an API Key_ step.
```

        SASL PASSWORD = SECRET confluent_password
      );

>       CREATE SOURCE '<source_name>'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      CREATE SOURCE <source_name>
```

        FROM KAFKA CONNECTION confluent_cloud (TOPIC '<topic-name>')
        FORMAT BYTES
        WITH (SIZE = '3xsmall');
    ```

    e. If the command executes without an error and outputs _CREATE SOURCE_, it means that you have successfully connected Materialize to your Confluent Cloud Kafka cluster. You can quickly test your connection by running the following statement:
    ```sql

>       SELECT convert_from(data, 'utf8') from '<source_name>';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      SELECT convert_from(data, 'utf8') from <source_name>;
```
